OCPBUGS-33379_2#amending vMotion text (#78481)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-vsphere-installer-infra-requirements.adoc

If you intend on using vMotion in your vSphere environment, consider the following before installing an {product-title} cluster.

 * Using Storage vMotion can cause issues and is not supported.

> * Using compute-only vMotion to migrate machine workloads is generally supported, where _generally_ implies that you meet all VMware best practices for vMotion.

Reviewer: I see in vmware doc [here](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/8.0/vsphere-vcenter-esxi-management/GUID-6068ECD7-E3FA-4155-A326-D996BDBDF00C.html), it says "Migrate Your Virtual Machine to a New Compute Resource", not sure if it's official.

+
--
To help ensure the uptime of your compute and control plane nodes, ensure that you follow the VMware best practices for vMotion, and use VMware anti-affinity rules to improve the availability of {product-title} during maintenance or hardware issues.

For more information about vMotion and anti-affinity rules, see the VMware vSphere documentation for  link:https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/7.0/com.vmware.vsphere.vcenterhost.doc/GUID-3B41119A-1276-404B-8BFB-A32409052449.html[vMotion networking requirements] and link:https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/7.0/com.vmware.vsphere.resmgmt.doc/GUID-FBE46165-065C-48C2-B775-7ADA87FF9A20.html[VM anti-affinity rules].
--

> * If you are using vSphere volumes in your pods, migrating a VM across datastores, either manually or through Storage vMotion, causes invalid references within {product-title} persistent volume (PV) objects that can result in data loss.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you are using {vmw-full} volumes in your pods, migrating a VM across datastores, either manually or through Storage vMotion, causes invalid references within {product-title} persistent volume (PV) objects that can result in data loss.
```
